chore: add supported versions to docs (#153)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcf: docs/index.md

# Terraform Provider for VMware Cloud Foundation

> This provider works with versions of VMware Cloud Foundation up to and including 4.5.2

Reviewer: Perhaps 4.4 to 4.5.2?

Author: Changed to `This provider works with VMware Cloud Foundation 4.4.0 to 4.5.2`

> See the [release notes](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Foundation/4.5.2/rn/vmware-cloud-foundation-452-release-notes/index.html) for the individual build numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [release notes](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Foundation/4.5.2/rn/vmware-cloud-foundation-452-release-notes/index.html) for the individual build numbers.
```

> Interoperability with later versions of VMware Cloud Foundation is possible but not guaranteed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interoperability with later versions of VMware Cloud Foundation is not assured.
```
